world 19 36 transparent.png

animal alive on.png
var presence 1 0
status presence > 3 dead
status presence < 2 dead
field presence 1
sensor presence 1

animal dead transparent.png
status presence > 2 alive
sensor presence 1

agent 1 1 animal dead
agent 1 2 animal dead
agent 1 3 animal dead
agent 1 4 animal dead
agent 1 5 animal dead
agent 1 6 animal dead
agent 1 7 animal dead
agent 1 8 animal dead
agent 1 9 animal dead
agent 1 10 animal dead
agent 1 11 animal dead
agent 1 12 animal dead
agent 1 13 animal dead
agent 1 14 animal dead
agent 1 15 animal dead
agent 1 16 animal dead
agent 1 17 animal dead
agent 1 18 animal dead
agent 1 19 animal dead
agent 1 20 animal dead
agent 1 21 animal dead
agent 1 22 animal dead
agent 1 23 animal dead
agent 1 24 animal dead
agent 1 25 animal dead
agent 1 26 animal dead
agent 1 27 animal dead
agent 1 28 animal dead
agent 1 29 animal dead
agent 1 30 animal dead
agent 1 31 animal dead
agent 1 32 animal dead
agent 1 33 animal dead
agent 1 34 animal dead
agent 1 35 animal dead
agent 1 36 animal dead
agent 2 1 animal dead
agent 2 2 animal dead
agent 2 3 animal dead
agent 2 4 animal dead
agent 2 5 animal dead
agent 2 6 animal dead
agent 2 7 animal dead
agent 2 8 animal dead
agent 2 9 animal dead
agent 2 10 animal dead
agent 2 11 animal dead
agent 2 12 animal dead
agent 2 13 animal dead
agent 2 14 animal dead
agent 2 15 animal dead
agent 2 16 animal dead
agent 2 17 animal dead
agent 2 18 animal dead
agent 2 19 animal dead
agent 2 20 animal dead
agent 2 21 animal dead
agent 2 22 animal dead
agent 2 23 animal dead
agent 2 24 animal dead
agent 2 25 animal dead
agent 2 26 animal dead
agent 2 27 animal dead
agent 2 28 animal alive
agent 2 29 animal alive
agent 2 30 animal dead
agent 2 31 animal dead
agent 2 32 animal dead
agent 2 33 animal dead
agent 2 34 animal dead
agent 2 35 animal dead
agent 2 36 animal dead
agent 3 1 animal dead
agent 3 2 animal dead
agent 3 3 animal dead
agent 3 4 animal dead
agent 3 5 animal dead
agent 3 6 animal dead
agent 3 7 animal dead
agent 3 8 animal dead
agent 3 9 animal dead
agent 3 10 animal dead
agent 3 11 animal dead
agent 3 12 animal dead
agent 3 13 animal dead
agent 3 14 animal dead
agent 3 15 animal dead
agent 3 16 animal dead
agent 3 17 animal dead
agent 3 18 animal dead
agent 3 19 animal dead
agent 3 20 animal dead
agent 3 21 animal dead
agent 3 22 animal dead
agent 3 23 animal dead
agent 3 24 animal dead
agent 3 25 animal dead
agent 3 26 animal dead
agent 3 27 animal alive
agent 3 28 animal dead
agent 3 29 animal alive
agent 3 30 animal dead
agent 3 31 animal dead
agent 3 32 animal dead
agent 3 33 animal dead
agent 3 34 animal dead
agent 3 35 animal dead
agent 3 36 animal dead
agent 4 1 animal dead
agent 4 2 animal dead
agent 4 3 animal dead
agent 4 4 animal dead
agent 4 5 animal dead
agent 4 6 animal dead
agent 4 7 animal dead
agent 4 8 animal dead
agent 4 9 animal dead
agent 4 10 animal dead
agent 4 11 animal dead
agent 4 12 animal dead
agent 4 13 animal dead
agent 4 14 animal dead
agent 4 15 animal dead
agent 4 16 animal dead
agent 4 17 animal dead
agent 4 18 animal dead
agent 4 19 animal dead
agent 4 20 animal dead
agent 4 21 animal dead
agent 4 22 animal dead
agent 4 23 animal dead
agent 4 24 animal dead
agent 4 25 animal dead
agent 4 26 animal dead
agent 4 27 animal dead
agent 4 28 animal dead
agent 4 29 animal alive
agent 4 30 animal dead
agent 4 31 animal dead
agent 4 32 animal dead
agent 4 33 animal dead
agent 4 34 animal dead
agent 4 35 animal dead
agent 4 36 animal dead
agent 5 1 animal dead
agent 5 2 animal dead
agent 5 3 animal dead
agent 5 4 animal dead
agent 5 5 animal dead
agent 5 6 animal dead
agent 5 7 animal dead
agent 5 8 animal dead
agent 5 9 animal dead
agent 5 10 animal dead
agent 5 11 animal dead
agent 5 12 animal dead
agent 5 13 animal dead
agent 5 14 animal dead
agent 5 15 animal dead
agent 5 16 animal dead
agent 5 17 animal dead
agent 5 18 animal dead
agent 5 19 animal dead
agent 5 20 animal dead
agent 5 21 animal dead
agent 5 22 animal dead
agent 5 23 animal dead
agent 5 24 animal dead
agent 5 25 animal dead
agent 5 26 animal dead
agent 5 27 animal dead
agent 5 28 animal dead
agent 5 29 animal dead
agent 5 30 animal dead
agent 5 31 animal dead
agent 5 32 animal dead
agent 5 33 animal dead
agent 5 34 animal dead
agent 5 35 animal dead
agent 5 36 animal dead
agent 6 1 animal dead
agent 6 2 animal dead
agent 6 3 animal dead
agent 6 4 animal dead
agent 6 5 animal dead
agent 6 6 animal dead
agent 6 7 animal dead
agent 6 8 animal dead
agent 6 9 animal dead
agent 6 10 animal dead
agent 6 11 animal dead
agent 6 12 animal dead
agent 6 13 animal dead
agent 6 14 animal dead
agent 6 15 animal dead
agent 6 16 animal dead
agent 6 17 animal dead
agent 6 18 animal dead
agent 6 19 animal dead
agent 6 20 animal dead
agent 6 21 animal dead
agent 6 22 animal dead
agent 6 23 animal dead
agent 6 24 animal dead
agent 6 25 animal dead
agent 6 26 animal dead
agent 6 27 animal dead
agent 6 28 animal dead
agent 6 29 animal dead
agent 6 30 animal dead
agent 6 31 animal dead
agent 6 32 animal dead
agent 6 33 animal dead
agent 6 34 animal dead
agent 6 35 animal dead
agent 6 36 animal dead
agent 7 1 animal dead
agent 7 2 animal dead
agent 7 3 animal dead
agent 7 4 animal dead
agent 7 5 animal dead
agent 7 6 animal dead
agent 7 7 animal dead
agent 7 8 animal dead
agent 7 9 animal dead
agent 7 10 animal dead
agent 7 11 animal dead
agent 7 12 animal dead
agent 7 13 animal dead
agent 7 14 animal dead
agent 7 15 animal dead
agent 7 16 animal dead
agent 7 17 animal dead
agent 7 18 animal dead
agent 7 19 animal dead
agent 7 20 animal dead
agent 7 21 animal dead
agent 7 22 animal dead
agent 7 23 animal dead
agent 7 24 animal dead
agent 7 25 animal dead
agent 7 26 animal dead
agent 7 27 animal dead
agent 7 28 animal dead
agent 7 29 animal dead
agent 7 30 animal dead
agent 7 31 animal dead
agent 7 32 animal dead
agent 7 33 animal dead
agent 7 34 animal dead
agent 7 35 animal dead
agent 7 36 animal dead
agent 8 1 animal dead
agent 8 2 animal dead
agent 8 3 animal dead
agent 8 4 animal dead
agent 8 5 animal dead
agent 8 6 animal dead
agent 8 7 animal dead
agent 8 8 animal dead
agent 8 9 animal dead
agent 8 10 animal dead
agent 8 11 animal dead
agent 8 12 animal dead
agent 8 13 animal dead
agent 8 14 animal dead
agent 8 15 animal dead
agent 8 16 animal dead
agent 8 17 animal dead
agent 8 18 animal dead
agent 8 19 animal dead
agent 8 20 animal dead
agent 8 21 animal dead
agent 8 22 animal dead
agent 8 23 animal dead
agent 8 24 animal dead
agent 8 25 animal dead
agent 8 26 animal dead
agent 8 27 animal dead
agent 8 28 animal dead
agent 8 29 animal dead
agent 8 30 animal dead
agent 8 31 animal dead
agent 8 32 animal dead
agent 8 33 animal dead
agent 8 34 animal dead
agent 8 35 animal dead
agent 8 36 animal dead
agent 9 1 animal dead
agent 9 2 animal dead
agent 9 3 animal dead
agent 9 4 animal dead
agent 9 5 animal dead
agent 9 6 animal dead
agent 9 7 animal dead
agent 9 8 animal dead
agent 9 9 animal alive
agent 9 10 animal alive
agent 9 11 animal dead
agent 9 12 animal dead
agent 9 13 animal dead
agent 9 14 animal dead
agent 9 15 animal dead
agent 9 16 animal dead
agent 9 17 animal dead
agent 9 18 animal dead
agent 9 19 animal dead
agent 9 20 animal dead
agent 9 21 animal dead
agent 9 22 animal dead
agent 9 23 animal dead
agent 9 24 animal dead
agent 9 25 animal dead
agent 9 26 animal dead
agent 9 27 animal dead
agent 9 28 animal dead
agent 9 29 animal dead
agent 9 30 animal dead
agent 9 31 animal dead
agent 9 32 animal dead
agent 9 33 animal dead
agent 9 34 animal dead
agent 9 35 animal dead
agent 9 36 animal dead
agent 10 1 animal dead
agent 10 2 animal dead
agent 10 3 animal dead
agent 10 4 animal dead
agent 10 5 animal dead
agent 10 6 animal dead
agent 10 7 animal alive
agent 10 8 animal dead
agent 10 9 animal dead
agent 10 10 animal dead
agent 10 11 animal alive
agent 10 12 animal dead
agent 10 13 animal dead
agent 10 14 animal dead
agent 10 15 animal dead
agent 10 16 animal dead
agent 10 17 animal alive
agent 10 18 animal dead
agent 10 19 animal dead
agent 10 20 animal alive
agent 10 21 animal alive
agent 10 22 animal alive
agent 10 23 animal dead
agent 10 24 animal dead
agent 10 25 animal dead
agent 10 26 animal dead
agent 10 27 animal dead
agent 10 28 animal dead
agent 10 29 animal dead
agent 10 30 animal dead
agent 10 31 animal dead
agent 10 32 animal dead
agent 10 33 animal dead
agent 10 34 animal dead
agent 10 35 animal dead
agent 10 36 animal dead
agent 11 1 animal dead
agent 11 2 animal dead
agent 11 3 animal dead
agent 11 4 animal dead
agent 11 5 animal dead
agent 11 6 animal alive
agent 11 7 animal dead
agent 11 8 animal dead
agent 11 9 animal dead
agent 11 10 animal dead
agent 11 11 animal dead
agent 11 12 animal alive
agent 11 13 animal dead
agent 11 14 animal dead
agent 11 15 animal dead
agent 11 16 animal dead
agent 11 17 animal dead
agent 11 18 animal dead
agent 11 19 animal dead
agent 11 20 animal dead
agent 11 21 animal dead
agent 11 22 animal alive
agent 11 23 animal dead
agent 11 24 animal dead
agent 11 25 animal dead
agent 11 26 animal alive
agent 11 27 animal dead
agent 11 28 animal dead
agent 11 29 animal dead
agent 11 30 animal dead
agent 11 31 animal dead
agent 11 32 animal dead
agent 11 33 animal dead
agent 11 34 animal dead
agent 11 35 animal dead
agent 11 36 animal dead
agent 12 1 animal alive
agent 12 2 animal alive
agent 12 3 animal dead
agent 12 4 animal dead
agent 12 5 animal alive
agent 12 6 animal alive
agent 12 7 animal alive
agent 12 8 animal alive
agent 12 9 animal dead
agent 12 10 animal dead
agent 12 11 animal dead
agent 12 12 animal alive
agent 12 13 animal dead
agent 12 14 animal dead
agent 12 15 animal dead
agent 12 16 animal dead
agent 12 17 animal dead
agent 12 18 animal dead
agent 12 19 animal dead
agent 12 20 animal dead
agent 12 21 animal alive
agent 12 22 animal dead
agent 12 23 animal dead
agent 12 24 animal dead
agent 12 25 animal dead
agent 12 26 animal alive
agent 12 27 animal dead
agent 12 28 animal alive
agent 12 29 animal dead
agent 12 30 animal dead
agent 12 31 animal dead
agent 12 32 animal dead
agent 12 33 animal dead
agent 12 34 animal dead
agent 12 35 animal dead
agent 12 36 animal dead
agent 13 1 animal alive
agent 13 2 animal alive
agent 13 3 animal dead
agent 13 4 animal dead
agent 13 5 animal dead
agent 13 6 animal alive
agent 13 7 animal alive
agent 13 8 animal dead
agent 13 9 animal dead
agent 13 10 animal dead
agent 13 11 animal dead
agent 13 12 animal alive
agent 13 13 animal dead
agent 13 14 animal dead
agent 13 15 animal dead
agent 13 16 animal dead
agent 13 17 animal dead
agent 13 18 animal dead
agent 13 19 animal dead
agent 13 20 animal dead
agent 13 21 animal dead
agent 13 22 animal dead
agent 13 23 animal dead
agent 13 24 animal dead
agent 13 25 animal dead
agent 13 26 animal dead
agent 13 27 animal dead
agent 13 28 animal dead
agent 13 29 animal alive
agent 13 30 animal alive
agent 13 31 animal dead
agent 13 32 animal dead
agent 13 33 animal dead
agent 13 34 animal dead
agent 13 35 animal dead
agent 13 36 animal dead
agent 14 1 animal dead
agent 14 2 animal dead
agent 14 3 animal dead
agent 14 4 animal dead
agent 14 5 animal dead
agent 14 6 animal dead
agent 14 7 animal alive
agent 14 8 animal dead
agent 14 9 animal dead
agent 14 10 animal dead
agent 14 11 animal alive
agent 14 12 animal dead
agent 14 13 animal dead
agent 14 14 animal dead
agent 14 15 animal dead
agent 14 16 animal dead
agent 14 17 animal dead
agent 14 18 animal dead
agent 14 19 animal dead
agent 14 20 animal dead
agent 14 21 animal dead
agent 14 22 animal dead
agent 14 23 animal dead
agent 14 24 animal dead
agent 14 25 animal dead
agent 14 26 animal dead
agent 14 27 animal dead
agent 14 28 animal dead
agent 14 29 animal alive
agent 14 30 animal alive
agent 14 31 animal dead
agent 14 32 animal dead
agent 14 33 animal dead
agent 14 34 animal dead
agent 14 35 animal alive
agent 14 36 animal alive
agent 15 1 animal dead
agent 15 2 animal dead
agent 15 3 animal dead
agent 15 4 animal dead
agent 15 5 animal dead
agent 15 6 animal dead
agent 15 7 animal dead
agent 15 8 animal dead
agent 15 9 animal alive
agent 15 10 animal alive
agent 15 11 animal dead
agent 15 12 animal dead
agent 15 13 animal dead
agent 15 14 animal dead
agent 15 15 animal dead
agent 15 16 animal dead
agent 15 17 animal dead
agent 15 18 animal dead
agent 15 19 animal dead
agent 15 20 animal dead
agent 15 21 animal dead
agent 15 22 animal dead
agent 15 23 animal dead
agent 15 24 animal dead
agent 15 25 animal dead
agent 15 26 animal dead
agent 15 27 animal dead
agent 15 28 animal dead
agent 15 29 animal alive
agent 15 30 animal alive
agent 15 31 animal dead
agent 15 32 animal dead
agent 15 33 animal dead
agent 15 34 animal dead
agent 15 35 animal alive
agent 15 36 animal alive
agent 16 1 animal dead
agent 16 2 animal dead
agent 16 3 animal dead
agent 16 4 animal dead
agent 16 5 animal dead
agent 16 6 animal dead
agent 16 7 animal dead
agent 16 8 animal dead
agent 16 9 animal dead
agent 16 10 animal dead
agent 16 11 animal dead
agent 16 12 animal dead
agent 16 13 animal dead
agent 16 14 animal dead
agent 16 15 animal dead
agent 16 16 animal dead
agent 16 17 animal dead
agent 16 18 animal dead
agent 16 19 animal dead
agent 16 20 animal dead
agent 16 21 animal dead
agent 16 22 animal dead
agent 16 23 animal dead
agent 16 24 animal dead
agent 16 25 animal dead
agent 16 26 animal alive
agent 16 27 animal dead
agent 16 28 animal alive
agent 16 29 animal dead
agent 16 30 animal dead
agent 16 31 animal dead
agent 16 32 animal dead
agent 16 33 animal dead
agent 16 34 animal dead
agent 16 35 animal dead
agent 16 36 animal dead
agent 17 1 animal dead
agent 17 2 animal dead
agent 17 3 animal dead
agent 17 4 animal dead
agent 17 5 animal dead
agent 17 6 animal dead
agent 17 7 animal dead
agent 17 8 animal dead
agent 17 9 animal dead
agent 17 10 animal dead
agent 17 11 animal dead
agent 17 12 animal dead
agent 17 13 animal dead
agent 17 14 animal dead
agent 17 15 animal dead
agent 17 16 animal dead
agent 17 17 animal dead
agent 17 18 animal dead
agent 17 19 animal dead
agent 17 20 animal dead
agent 17 21 animal dead
agent 17 22 animal dead
agent 17 23 animal dead
agent 17 24 animal dead
agent 17 25 animal dead
agent 17 26 animal alive
agent 17 27 animal dead
agent 17 28 animal dead
agent 17 29 animal dead
agent 17 30 animal dead
agent 17 31 animal dead
agent 17 32 animal dead
agent 17 33 animal dead
agent 17 34 animal dead
agent 17 35 animal dead
agent 17 36 animal dead
agent 18 1 animal dead
agent 18 2 animal dead
agent 18 3 animal dead
agent 18 4 animal dead
agent 18 5 animal dead
agent 18 6 animal dead
agent 18 7 animal dead
agent 18 8 animal dead
agent 18 9 animal dead
agent 18 10 animal dead
agent 18 11 animal dead
agent 18 12 animal dead
agent 18 13 animal dead
agent 18 14 animal dead
agent 18 15 animal dead
agent 18 16 animal dead
agent 18 17 animal dead
agent 18 18 animal dead
agent 18 19 animal dead
agent 18 20 animal dead
agent 18 21 animal dead
agent 18 22 animal dead
agent 18 23 animal dead
agent 18 24 animal dead
agent 18 25 animal dead
agent 18 26 animal dead
agent 18 27 animal dead
agent 18 28 animal dead
agent 18 29 animal dead
agent 18 30 animal dead
agent 18 31 animal dead
agent 18 32 animal dead
agent 18 33 animal dead
agent 18 34 animal dead
agent 18 35 animal dead
agent 18 36 animal dead
agent 19 1 animal dead
agent 19 2 animal dead
agent 19 3 animal dead
agent 19 4 animal dead
agent 19 5 animal dead
agent 19 6 animal dead
agent 19 7 animal dead
agent 19 8 animal dead
agent 19 9 animal dead
agent 19 10 animal dead
agent 19 11 animal dead
agent 19 12 animal dead
agent 19 13 animal dead
agent 19 14 animal dead
agent 19 15 animal dead
agent 19 16 animal dead
agent 19 17 animal dead
agent 19 18 animal dead
agent 19 19 animal dead
agent 19 20 animal dead
agent 19 21 animal dead
agent 19 22 animal dead
agent 19 23 animal dead
agent 19 24 animal dead
agent 19 25 animal dead
agent 19 26 animal dead
agent 19 27 animal dead
agent 19 28 animal dead
agent 19 29 animal dead
agent 19 30 animal dead
agent 19 31 animal dead
agent 19 32 animal dead
agent 19 33 animal dead
agent 19 34 animal dead
agent 19 35 animal dead
agent 19 36 animal dead
