world 5 5 transparent.png

animal alive on.png
var presence 1 0
status presence > 3 dead
status presence < 2 dead
field presence 1
sensor presence 1

animal dead transparent.png
status presence > 2 alive
sensor presence 1

agent 3 2 animal alive
agent 3 3 animal alive
agent 3 4 animal alive
agent 1 1 animal dead
agent 1 2 animal dead
agent 1 3 animal dead
agent 1 4 animal dead
agent 1 5 animal dead
agent 2 1 animal dead
agent 2 2 animal dead
agent 2 3 animal dead
agent 2 4 animal dead
agent 2 5 animal dead
agent 3 1 animal dead
agent 3 5 animal dead
agent 4 1 animal dead
agent 4 2 animal dead
agent 4 3 animal dead
agent 4 4 animal dead
agent 4 5 animal dead
agent 5 1 animal dead
agent 5 2 animal dead
agent 5 3 animal dead
agent 5 4 animal dead
agent 5 5 animal dead